School Student Registration process. this year the system should allow the school list to uploaded with their region, cluster. new school after that will be required to go the amaana website to register themselves and go through the verification process before they are able to register candidates for any grade.

Amaanah Examination: categorised all the menu below under "Amaanah Examination:
Students: when the school licks on the students they should only see the Grades based on the school type for example if the school is BCS classes under that is 1 to 9. Amaanah only conducts nationwide exams for Grade 3, Grade 6 and Grade 9. so the will be the tabs all BCS schools should see. Now depending on the exam year creation from the Examination admin. each class tab can display a page to register their student for that category. if the examination year is not created and the school clicks the Grade tab under Student menu. the system should tell him. there is not active examination for registrations. but once its there that pages should open with the student detail list. and a template should available to download and to input all student in that xls or csv file and upload it back to the system for the school to verify all the student details. after that step based on the student number submitted the system will bill the school based on the price per student. for the examination admin to approve the payment has to be confirmed first. each class registration page should also display counter, days hours minutes and seconds. based the period set by the examination admin. so that the school know if that time elapse they will be paying a fine. so all the submission and payment should complete with that countdown set by Examination admin as the student registration start date and end dates. Once ended if the school click that grade they system will open the page and inform then that the registration has be closed. but they have successfully completed the step the system should tell them you have already completed the registration successfully.

Payments: The payment tab should automatically generate an invoice for payment as soon as the list of students are submitted by the school. since there may be different graces the invoice should calculate based on the student number per grade and give the overall total. After the payment the system should auto generate a random unique 6 digits index numbers. and the school admin can see their list of index numbers as soon as the payment is confirmed. and their list is approved. this index numbers should be used to check for the result on the website once published. don't use Amaanah2025001 type of index. make it random numbers. like 896574.

Results: once the student are published the school can only display the student list they successfully registered for that particular grade and table format and print the pdf to paste on the school board. School can also submit a first term assessment marks to the Examination admin for approval.

Exam Centers: the school should be not be able to add an examination center. only the higher user role Examination admin and SuperAdmin) can add center and assign the school to the center. once that is done all the student's in that school should also see that allocation on their dashboard. as well as the examination timetable. the name of the invigilator(s) to per subject should also display.


they system should also allow bulk result uploads for all the schools are once. after downloading the template and matching the date for the import. also the system can allow the examiners to upload their individual results per school, or per cluster or per region and the system should be able to compile all the results. and the ask the Examination admin for validation then he can publish for the schools to receive their results.